there was a man of Benjamin whose name
there was a man of Benjamin whose name was Kish the son of a bo the son of zero
was Kish the son of a bo the son of zero
was Kish the son of a bo the son of zero the son of B keroth the son of a fire a
the son of B keroth the son of a fire a
the son of B keroth the son of a fire a Benjamite a mighty a man of power and he
Benjamite a mighty a man of power and he
Benjamite a mighty a man of power and he had a choice and handsome son whose name
had a choice and handsome son whose name
had a choice and handsome son whose name was Sol there was not a more handsome
was Sol there was not a more handsome
was Sol there was not a more handsome person than he among the children of
person than he among the children of
person than he among the children of Israel from his shoulders upward he was
Israel from his shoulders upward he was
Israel from his shoulders upward he was taller than any of the people now the
taller than any of the people now the
taller than any of the people now the donkey's of Kish Saul's father were lost
donkey's of Kish Saul's father were lost
donkey's of Kish Saul's father were lost and Kish said to his son Sol please take
and Kish said to his son Sol please take
and Kish said to his son Sol please take one of the servants with you and arise
one of the servants with you and arise
one of the servants with you and arise go and look for the donkey's so he
go and look for the donkey's so he
go and look for the donkey's so he passed through the mountains of Ephraim
passed through the mountains of Ephraim
passed through the mountains of Ephraim and through the land of Shelly sure but
and through the land of Shelly sure but
and through the land of Shelly sure but they did not find them then they passed
they did not find them then they passed
they did not find them then they passed through the land of Shalem and they were
through the land of Shalem and they were
through the land of Shalem and they were not there then he passed through the
not there then he passed through the
not there then he passed through the land of the Benjamites but they did not
land of the Benjamites but they did not
land of the Benjamites but they did not find when they had come to the land of
find when they had come to the land of
find when they had come to the land of Zef saul said to his servant who was
Zef saul said to his servant who was
Zef saul said to his servant who was with him come let us return that's my
with him come let us return that's my
with him come let us return that's my father cease caring about the donkey's
father cease caring about the donkey's
father cease caring about the donkey's and become worried about us look now
and become worried about us look now
and become worried about us look now there is in this city a man of God and
there is in this city a man of God and
there is in this city a man of God and he is an honorable man
he is an honorable man
he is an honorable man all that he says surely comes to pass so
all that he says surely comes to pass so
all that he says surely comes to pass so let us go there perhaps he can show us
let us go there perhaps he can show us
let us go there perhaps he can show us the way that we should go but look if we
the way that we should go but look if we
the way that we should go but look if we go what shall we bring the men for the
go what shall we bring the men for the
go what shall we bring the men for the bread in our vessels is all gone and
bread in our vessels is all gone and
bread in our vessels is all gone and there is no present to bring to the man
there is no present to bring to the man
there is no present to bring to the man of God
of God
of God what do we have look I have here at hand
what do we have look I have here at hand
what do we have look I have here at hand 1/4 of a shekel of silver I will give
1/4 of a shekel of silver I will give
1/4 of a shekel of silver I will give that to the man of God to tell us our
that to the man of God to tell us our
that to the man of God to tell us our way formally in Israel when a man went
way formally in Israel when a man went
way formally in Israel when a man went to inquire of God he spoke thus come let
to inquire of God he spoke thus come let
to inquire of God he spoke thus come let us go to the seer for he who is now
us go to the seer for he who is now
us go to the seer for he who is now called a prophet was formerly called a
called a prophet was formerly called a
called a prophet was formerly called a seer then Saul said to his servant well
seer then Saul said to his servant well
seer then Saul said to his servant well said
said
said come let us go so they went to the city
come let us go so they went to the city
come let us go so they went to the city where the man of God was as they went up
where the man of God was as they went up
where the man of God was as they went up the hill to the city they met some young
the hill to the city they met some young
the hill to the city they met some young women going out to draw water is the
women going out to draw water is the
women going out to draw water is the seer here yes there he is just ahead of
seer here yes there he is just ahead of
seer here yes there he is just ahead of you a hurry now for today he came to
you a hurry now for today he came to
you a hurry now for today he came to this city because there is a sacrifice
this city because there is a sacrifice
this city because there is a sacrifice of the people today on the high place as
of the people today on the high place as
of the people today on the high place as soon as you come into the city you will
soon as you come into the city you will
soon as you come into the city you will surely find him before he goes up to the
surely find him before he goes up to the
surely find him before he goes up to the high place to eat for the people will
high place to eat for the people will
high place to eat for the people will not eat until he comes because he must
not eat until he comes because he must
not eat until he comes because he must bless the sacrifice afterward those who
bless the sacrifice afterward those who
bless the sacrifice afterward those who are invited will eat now therefore let's
are invited will eat now therefore let's
are invited will eat now therefore let's go up for about this time you will find
go up for about this time you will find
go up for about this time you will find him so they went up to the city as they
him so they went up to the city as they
him so they went up to the city as they were coming into the city there was
were coming into the city there was
were coming into the city there was Samuel coming out toward them on his way
Samuel coming out toward them on his way
Samuel coming out toward them on his way up to the high place now the Lord had
up to the high place now the Lord had
up to the high place now the Lord had told Samuel in his ear
told Samuel in his ear
told Samuel in his ear the day before Saul came saying tomorrow
the day before Saul came saying tomorrow
the day before Saul came saying tomorrow about this time I will send you a man
about this time I will send you a man
about this time I will send you a man from the land of
from the land of
from the land of and you shall anoint him commander over
and you shall anoint him commander over
and you shall anoint him commander over my people Israel
my people Israel
my people Israel that he may save my people from the hand
that he may save my people from the hand
that he may save my people from the hand of the Philistines for I have looked
of the Philistines for I have looked
of the Philistines for I have looked upon my people because their cry has
upon my people because their cry has
upon my people because their cry has come to me
come to me
come to me so when Samuel saw Saul the Lord said to
so when Samuel saw Saul the Lord said to
so when Samuel saw Saul the Lord said to him there he is the man of whom I spoke
him there he is the man of whom I spoke
him there he is the man of whom I spoke to you this one shall reign over my
to you this one shall reign over my
to you this one shall reign over my people then sold drew near to Samuel in
people then sold drew near to Samuel in
people then sold drew near to Samuel in the gate please tell me where is the
the gate please tell me where is the
the gate please tell me where is the seers house I am the seer go up before
seers house I am the seer go up before
seers house I am the seer go up before me to the high place for you shall eat
me to the high place for you shall eat
me to the high place for you shall eat with me today and tomorrow I will let
with me today and tomorrow I will let
with me today and tomorrow I will let you go and will tell you all that is in
you go and will tell you all that is in
you go and will tell you all that is in your heart but as for your donkeys that
your heart but as for your donkeys that
your heart but as for your donkeys that were lost three days ago do not be
were lost three days ago do not be
were lost three days ago do not be anxious about them
anxious about them
anxious about them for they have been found and on whom is
for they have been found and on whom is
for they have been found and on whom is all the desire of Israel is it not on
all the desire of Israel is it not on
all the desire of Israel is it not on you and on all your father's house they
you and on all your father's house they
you and on all your father's house they may not have Benjamite of the smallest
may not have Benjamite of the smallest
may not have Benjamite of the smallest of the tribes of Israel and my family
of the tribes of Israel and my family
of the tribes of Israel and my family the least of all the families of the
the least of all the families of the
the least of all the families of the tribe of Benjamin why then do you speak
tribe of Benjamin why then do you speak
tribe of Benjamin why then do you speak like this to me now Samuel took soul in
like this to me now Samuel took soul in
like this to me now Samuel took soul in his servant and brought them into the
his servant and brought them into the
his servant and brought them into the Hall and had them sit in the place of
Hall and had them sit in the place of
Hall and had them sit in the place of honor among those who were invited there
honor among those who were invited there
honor among those who were invited there were about thirty persons and Samuel
were about thirty persons and Samuel
were about thirty persons and Samuel said to the cook
said to the cook
said to the cook bring the portion which I gave you of
bring the portion which I gave you of
bring the portion which I gave you of which I said - you said it apart so the
which I said - you said it apart so the
which I said - you said it apart so the cook took up the thigh with its a part
cook took up the thigh with its a part
cook took up the thigh with its a part and set it before salt here it is what
and set it before salt here it is what
and set it before salt here it is what was kept back it was set apart for you
was kept back it was set apart for you
was kept back it was set apart for you eat for until this time it has been kept
eat for until this time it has been kept
eat for until this time it has been kept for you since I said I invited the
for you since I said I invited the
for you since I said I invited the people so Saul ate with Samuel that day
people so Saul ate with Samuel that day
people so Saul ate with Samuel that day when they had come down from the high
when they had come down from the high
when they had come down from the high place into the city Samuels spoke with
place into the city Samuels spoke with
place into the city Samuels spoke with Saul on the top of the house they arose
Saul on the top of the house they arose
Saul on the top of the house they arose early and it was about the dawning of
early and it was about the dawning of
early and it was about the dawning of the day that Samuel called to Saul on
the day that Samuel called to Saul on
the day that Samuel called to Saul on the top of the house get up that I may
the top of the house get up that I may
the top of the house get up that I may send you on your way and Saul arose and
send you on your way and Saul arose and
send you on your way and Saul arose and both of them went outside he and Samuel
both of them went outside he and Samuel
both of them went outside he and Samuel as they were going down to the outskirts
as they were going down to the outskirts
as they were going down to the outskirts of the city Samuel said to Saul tell the
of the city Samuel said to Saul tell the
of the city Samuel said to Saul tell the servant to go on ahead of us and he went
servant to go on ahead of us and he went
servant to go on ahead of us and he went on
on
on but you stand here a while that I may
but you stand here a while that I may
but you stand here a while that I may announce to you the Word of God